Jetpack: update the readme to reduce WP Super Cache with Boost being the replacement (#36759)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/readme.txt

* Image CDN for images and core static files, like CSS and JavaScript, served from our servers, not yours, which saves you money and bandwidth.
* Unlimited, high speed, ad free video hosting keeps the focus on your content, not on ads or recommendations that lead people off site.
* Custom site search is incredibly powerful and customizable. Helps your visitors instantly find the right content so they read and buy more. Works great with WooCommerce / eCommerce sites to help filter products so customers get what they want on your site faster.

> * Recommended to use with [Jetpack Boost](https://wordpress.org/plugins/jetpack-boost/) for ultimate WordPress site speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pair with [Jetpack Boost](https://wordpress.org/plugins/jetpack-boost/) for ultimate WordPress site speed.
```

What do you think about this alternative?

Author: That's nice. I like that.
